This file contains >20k characters. It has all sorts of text but one important thing is the point at which 256 characters have been reached. This is still not there right now, I will put three stars as characters number 254, 255, and 256 in this file.  ***  Now we are after 256 characters and so anything at all could go in this file.  Laaadeeedaaaa....

Here is a bunch of text from War and Peace:

Anna Pavlovna's drawing room was gradually filling. The highest

Petersburg society was assembled there: people differing widely in age

and character but alike in the social circle to which they belonged.

Prince Vasili's daughter, the beautiful Helene, came to take her father

to the ambassador's entertainment; she wore a ball dress and her badge

as maid of honor. The youthful little Princess Bolkonskaya, known as la

femme la plus seduisante de Petersbourg, * was also there. She had been

married during the previous winter, and being pregnant did not go to

any large gatherings, but only to small receptions. Prince Vasili's son,

Hippolyte, had come with Mortemart, whom he introduced. The Abbe Morio

and many others had also come.





     * The most fascinating woman in Petersburg.





To each new arrival Anna Pavlovna said, "You have not yet seen my aunt,"

or "You do not know my aunt?" and very gravely conducted him or her to

a little old lady, wearing large bows of ribbon in her cap, who had come

sailing in from another room as soon as the guests began to arrive;

and slowly turning her eyes from the visitor to her aunt, Anna Pavlovna

mentioned each one's name and then left them.



Each visitor performed the ceremony of greeting this old aunt whom not

one of them knew, not one of them wanted to know, and not one of them

cared about; Anna Pavlovna observed these greetings with mournful and

solemn interest and silent approval. The aunt spoke to each of them in

the same words, about their health and her own, and the health of Her

Majesty, "who, thank God, was better today." And each visitor, though

politeness prevented his showing impatience, left the old woman with a

sense of relief at having performed a vexatious duty and did not return

to her the whole evening.



The young Princess Bolkonskaya had brought some work in a

gold-embroidered velvet bag. Her pretty little upper lip, on which a

delicate dark down was just perceptible, was too short for her teeth,

but it lifted all the more sweetly, and was especially charming when she

occasionally drew it down to meet the lower lip. As is always the case

with a thoroughly attractive woman, her defect--the shortness of her

upper lip and her half-open mouth--seemed to be her own special and

peculiar form of beauty. Everyone brightened at the sight of this pretty

young woman, so soon to become a mother, so full of life and health, and

carrying her burden so lightly. Old men and dull dispirited young ones

who looked at her, after being in her company and talking to her a

little while, felt as if they too were becoming, like her, full of life

and health. All who talked to her, and at each word saw her bright smile

and the constant gleam of her white teeth, thought that they were in a

specially amiable mood that day.



The little princess went round the table with quick, short, swaying

steps, her workbag on her arm, and gaily spreading out her dress sat

down on a sofa near the silver samovar, as if all she was doing was a

pleasure to herself and to all around her. "I have brought my work,"

said she in French, displaying her bag and addressing all present.

"Mind, Annette, I hope you have not played a wicked trick on me," she

added, turning to her hostess. "You wrote that it was to be quite a

small reception, and just see how badly I am dressed." And she spread

out her arms to show her short-waisted, lace-trimmed, dainty gray dress,

girdled with a broad ribbon just below the breast.



"Soyez tranquille, Lise, you will always be prettier than anyone else,"

replied Anna Pavlovna.



"You know," said the princess in the same tone of voice and still in

French, turning to a general, "my husband is deserting me? He is going

to get himself killed. Tell me what this wretched war is for?" she

added, addressing Prince Vasili, and without waiting for an answer she

turned to speak to his daughter, the beautiful Helene.



"What a delightful woman this little princess is!" said Prince Vasili to

Anna Pavlovna.



One of the next arrivals was a stout, heavily built young man with

close-cropped hair, spectacles, the light-colored breeches fashionable

at that time, a very high ruffle, and a brown dress coat. This stout

young man was an illegitimate son of Count Bezukhov, a well-known

grandee of Catherine's time who now lay dying in Moscow. The young man

had not yet entered either the military or civil service, as he had only

just returned from abroad where he had been educated, and this was his

first appearance in society. Anna Pavlovna greeted him with the nod she

accorded to the lowest hierarchy in her drawing room. But in spite of

this lowest-grade greeting, a look of anxiety and fear, as at the sight

of something too large and unsuited to the place, came over her face

when she saw Pierre enter. Though he was certainly rather bigger than

the other men in the room, her anxiety could only have reference to

the clever though shy, but observant and natural, expression which

distinguished him from everyone else in that drawing room.



"It is very good of you, Monsieur Pierre, to come and visit a poor

invalid," said Anna Pavlovna, exchanging an alarmed glance with her aunt

as she conducted him to her.



Pierre murmured something unintelligible, and continued to look round as

if in search of something. On his way to the aunt he bowed to the little

princess with a pleased smile, as to an intimate acquaintance.



Anna Pavlovna's alarm was justified, for Pierre turned away from the

aunt without waiting to hear her speech about Her Majesty's health. Anna

Pavlovna in dismay detained him with the words: "Do you know the Abbe

Morio? He is a most interesting man."



"Yes, I have heard of his scheme for perpetual peace, and it is very

interesting but hardly feasible."



"You think so?" rejoined Anna Pavlovna in order to say something and

get away to attend to her duties as hostess. But Pierre now committed

a reverse act of impoliteness. First he had left a lady before she had

finished speaking to him, and now he continued to speak to another who

wished to get away. With his head bent, and his big feet spread apart,

he began explaining his reasons for thinking the abbe's plan chimerical.



"We will talk of it later," said Anna Pavlovna with a smile.



And having got rid of this young man who did not know how to behave, she

resumed her duties as hostess and continued to listen and watch, ready

to help at any point where the conversation might happen to flag. As

the foreman of a spinning mill, when he has set the hands to work, goes

round and notices here a spindle that has stopped or there one that

creaks or makes more noise than it should, and hastens to check the

machine or set it in proper motion, so Anna Pavlovna moved about her

drawing room, approaching now a silent, now a too-noisy group, and by a

word or slight rearrangement kept the conversational machine in steady,

proper, and regular motion. But amid these cares her anxiety about

Pierre was evident. She kept an anxious watch on him when he approached

the group round Mortemart to listen to what was being said there, and

again when he passed to another group whose center was the abbe.



Pierre had been educated abroad, and this reception at Anna Pavlovna's

was the first he had attended in Russia. He knew that all the

intellectual lights of Petersburg were gathered there and, like a child

in a toyshop, did not know which way to look, afraid of missing any

clever conversation that was to be heard. Seeing the self-confident and

refined expression on the faces of those present he was always expecting

to hear something very profound. At last he came up to Morio. Here the

conversation seemed interesting and he stood waiting for an opportunity

to express his own views, as young people are fond of doing.











CHAPTER III





Anna Pavlovna's reception was in full swing. The spindles hummed

steadily and ceaselessly on all sides. With the exception of the aunt,

beside whom sat only one elderly lady, who with her thin careworn face

was rather out of place in this brilliant society, the whole company had

settled into three groups. One, chiefly masculine, had formed round the

abbe. Another, of young people, was grouped round the beautiful Princess

Helene, Prince Vasili's daughter, and the little Princess Bolkonskaya,

very pretty and rosy, though rather too plump for her age. The third

group was gathered round Mortemart and Anna Pavlovna.



The vicomte was a nice-looking young man with soft features and polished

manners, who evidently considered himself a celebrity but out of

politeness modestly placed himself at the disposal of the circle in

which he found himself. Anna Pavlovna was obviously serving him up as a

treat to her guests. As a clever maitre d'hotel serves up as a specially

choice delicacy a piece of meat that no one who had seen it in the

kitchen would have cared to eat, so Anna Pavlovna served up to her

guests, first the vicomte and then the abbe, as peculiarly choice

morsels. The group about Mortemart immediately began discussing the

murder of the Duc d'Enghien. The vicomte said that the Duc d'Enghien had

perished by his own magnanimity, and that there were particular reasons

for Buonaparte's hatred of him.



"Ah, yes! Do tell us all about it, Vicomte," said Anna Pavlovna, with a

pleasant feeling that there was something a la Louis XV in the sound of

that sentence: "Contez nous cela, Vicomte."



The vicomte bowed and smiled courteously in token of his willingness to

comply. Anna Pavlovna arranged a group round him, inviting everyone to

listen to his tale.



"The vicomte knew the duc personally," whispered Anna Pavlovna to of

the guests. "The vicomte is a wonderful raconteur," said she to another.

"How evidently he belongs to the best society," said she to a third;

and the vicomte was served up to the company in the choicest and most

advantageous style, like a well-garnished joint of roast beef on a hot

dish.



The vicomte wished to begin his story and gave a subtle smile.



"Come over here, Helene, dear," said Anna Pavlovna to the beautiful

young princess who was sitting some way off, the center of another

group.



The princess smiled. She rose with the same unchanging smile with which

she had first entered the room--the smile of a perfectly beautiful

woman. With a slight rustle of her white dress trimmed with moss

and ivy, with a gleam of white shoulders, glossy hair, and sparkling

diamonds, she passed between the men who made way for her, not looking

at any of them but smiling on all, as if graciously allowing each the

privilege of admiring her beautiful figure and shapely shoulders,

back, and bosom--which in the fashion of those days were very much

exposed--and she seemed to bring the glamour of a ballroom with her as

she moved toward Anna Pavlovna. Helene was so lovely that not only

did she not show any trace of coquetry, but on the contrary she even

appeared shy of her unquestionable and all too victorious beauty. She

seemed to wish, but to be unable, to diminish its effect.



"How lovely!" said everyone who saw her; and the vicomte lifted his

shoulders and dropped his eyes as if startled by something extraordinary

when she took her seat opposite and beamed upon him also with her

unchanging smile.



"Madame, I doubt my ability before such an audience," said he, smilingly

inclining his head.



The princess rested her bare round arm on a little table and considered

a reply unnecessary. She smilingly waited. All the time the story was

being told she sat upright, glancing now at her beautiful round arm,

altered in shape by its pressure on the table, now at her still more

beautiful bosom, on which she readjusted a diamond necklace. From time

to time she smoothed the folds of her dress, and whenever the story

produced an effect she glanced at Anna Pavlovna, at once adopted just

the expression she saw on the maid of honor's face, and again relapsed

into her radiant smile.



The little princess had also left the tea table and followed Helene.



"Wait a moment, I'll get my work.... Now then, what are you thinking

of?" she went on, turning to Prince Hippolyte. "Fetch me my workbag."



There was a general movement as the princess, smiling and talking

merrily to everyone at once, sat down and gaily arranged herself in her

seat.



"Now I am all right," she said, and asking the vicomte to begin, she

took up her work.



Prince Hippolyte, having brought the workbag, joined the circle and

moving a chair close to hers seated himself beside her.



Le charmant Hippolyte was surprising by his extraordinary resemblance

to his beautiful sister, but yet more by the fact that in spite of

this resemblance he was exceedingly ugly. His features were like his

sister's, but while in her case everything was lit up by a joyous,

self-satisfied, youthful, and constant smile of animation, and by the

wonderful classic beauty of her figure, his face on the contrary

was dulled by imbecility and a constant expression of sullen

self-confidence, while his body was thin and weak. His eyes, nose, and

mouth all seemed puckered into a vacant, wearied grimace, and his arms

and legs always fell into unnatural positions.



"It's not going to be a ghost story?" said he, sitting down beside

the princess and hastily adjusting his lorgnette, as if without this

instrument he could not begin to speak.



"Why no, my dear fellow," said the astonished narrator, shrugging his

shoulders.



"Because I hate ghost stories," said Prince Hippolyte in a tone which

showed that he only understood the meaning of his words after he had

uttered them.



He spoke with such self-confidence that his hearers could not be sure

whether what he said was very witty or very stupid. He was dressed in

a dark-green dress coat, knee breeches of the color of cuisse de nymphe

effrayee, as he called it, shoes, and silk stockings.



The vicomte told his tale very neatly. It was an anecdote, then current,

to the effect that the Duc d'Enghien had gone secretly to Paris to visit

Mademoiselle George; that at her house he came upon Bonaparte, who also

enjoyed the famous actress' favors, and that in his presence Napoleon

happened to fall into one of the fainting fits to which he was subject,

and was thus at the duc's mercy. The latter spared him, and this

magnanimity Bonaparte subsequently repaid by death.



The story was very pretty and interesting, especially at the point

where the rivals suddenly recognized one another; and the ladies looked

agitated.



"Charming!" said Anna Pavlovna with an inquiring glance at the little

princess.



"Charming!" whispered the little princess, sticking the needle into her

work as if to testify that the interest and fascination of the story

prevented her from going on with it.



The vicomte appreciated this silent praise and smiling gratefully

prepared to continue, but just then Anna Pavlovna, who had kept a

watchful eye on the young man who so alarmed her, noticed that he was

talking too loudly and vehemently with the abbe, so she hurried to the

rescue. Pierre had managed to start a conversation with the abbe about

the balance of power, and the latter, evidently interested by the young

man's simple-minded eagerness, was explaining his pet theory. Both were

talking and listening too eagerly and too naturally, which was why Anna

Pavlovna disapproved.



"The means are... the balance of power in Europe and the rights of the

people," the abbe was saying. "It is only necessary for one powerful

nation like Russia--barbaric as she is said to be--to place herself

disinterestedly at the head of an alliance having for its object the

maintenance of the balance of power of Europe, and it would save the

world!"



"But how are you to get that balance?" Pierre was beginning.



At that moment Anna Pavlovna came up and, looking severely at Pierre,

asked the Italian how he stood Russian climate. The Italian's

face instantly changed and assumed an offensively affected, sugary

expression, evidently habitual to him when conversing with women.



"I am so enchanted by the brilliancy of the wit and culture of the

society, more especially of the feminine society, in which I have had

the honor of being received, that I have not yet had time to think of

the climate," said he.



Not letting the abbe and Pierre escape, Anna Pavlovna, the more

conveniently to keep them under observation, brought them into the

larger circle.











CHAPTER IV





Just then another visitor entered the drawing room: Prince Andrew

Bolkonski, the little princess' husband. He was a very handsome young

man, of medium height, with firm, clearcut features. Everything about

him, from his weary, bored expression to his quiet, measured step,

offered a most striking contrast to his quiet, little wife. It was

evident that he not only knew everyone in the drawing room, but had

found them to be so tiresome that it wearied him to look at or listen to

them. And among all these faces that he found so tedious, none seemed

to bore him so much as that of his pretty wife. He turned away from her

with a grimace that distorted his handsome face, kissed Anna Pavlovna's

hand, and screwing up his eyes scanned the whole company.



"You are off to the war, Prince?" said Anna Pavlovna.



"General Kutuzov," said Bolkonski, speaking French and stressing the

last syllable of the general's name like a Frenchman, "has been pleased

to take me as an aide-de-camp...."



"And Lise, your wife?"



"She will go to the country."



"Are you not ashamed to deprive us of your charming wife?"



"Andre," said his wife, addressing her husband in the same coquettish

manner in which she spoke to other men, "the vicomte has been telling us

such a tale about Mademoiselle George and Buonaparte!"



Prince Andrew screwed up his eyes and turned away. Pierre, who from

the moment Prince Andrew entered the room had watched him with glad,

affectionate eyes, now came up and took his arm. Before he looked round

Prince Andrew frowned again, expressing his annoyance with whoever was

touching his arm, but when he saw Pierre's beaming face he gave him an

unexpectedly kind and pleasant smile.



"There now!... So you, too, are in the great world?" said he to Pierre.



"I knew you would be here," replied Pierre. "I will come to supper with

you. May I?" he added in a low voice so as not to disturb the vicomte

who was continuing his story.



"No, impossible!" said Prince Andrew, laughing and pressing Pierre's

hand to show that there was no need to ask the question. He wished to

say something more, but at that moment Prince Vasili and his daughter

got up to go and the two young men rose to let them pass.



"You must excuse me, dear Vicomte," said Prince Vasili to the Frenchman,

holding him down by the sleeve in a friendly way to prevent his rising.

"This unfortunate fete at the ambassador's deprives me of a pleasure,

and obliges me to interrupt you. I am very sorry to leave your

enchanting party," said he, turning to Anna Pavlovna.



His daughter, Princess Helene, passed between the chairs, lightly

holding up the folds of her dress, and the smile shone still more

radiantly on her beautiful face. Pierre gazed at her with rapturous,

almost frightened, eyes as she passed him.



"Very lovely," said Prince Andrew.



"Very," said Pierre.



In passing Prince Vasili seized Pierre's hand and said to Anna Pavlovna:

"Educate this bear for me! He has been staying with me a whole month

and this is the first time I have seen him in society. Nothing is so

necessary for a young man as the society of clever women."



Anna Pavlovna smiled and promised to take Pierre in hand. She knew his

father to be a connection of Prince Vasili's. The elderly lady who had

been sitting with the old aunt rose hurriedly and overtook Prince Vasili

in the anteroom. All the affectation of interest she had assumed had

left her kindly and tear-worn face and it now expressed only anxiety and

fear.



"How about my son Boris, Prince?" said she, hurrying after him into the

anteroom. "I can't remain any longer in Petersburg. Tell me what news I

may take back to my poor boy."



Although Prince Vasili listened reluctantly and not very politely to

the elderly lady, even betraying some impatience, she gave him an

ingratiating and appealing smile, and took his hand that he might not go

away.



"What would it cost you to say a word to the Emperor, and then he would

be transferred to the Guards at once?" said she.



"Believe me, Princess, I am ready to do all I can," answered Prince

Vasili, "but it is difficult for me to ask the Emperor. I should advise

you to appeal to Rumyantsev through Prince Golitsyn. That would be the

